I want to find another developer to sell that land
But they are also afraid of high prices
Dare not take over
So you can only sell that land to me
Sell to you with the power of our Sun Group
Gaojia can only suck profits
That might be a good idea. Don't worry.
I will give you a very fair price.
Then transfer the land to the Gao family
But at this price, I'll get him out-point
Okay, everything is arranged for you.
Well, then I'll go first, please
The wise woman moved my man
This dumb loss, you will eat it.
Is Mr. Gao feeling better?
Humph
I dare not bother you, Mr. Sun
I can't die from this injury
Look at you
Is it better to be calm and healthy?
You see my knife is heartless
How are you?
Ruoxue, Chen Xiaodao is a hooligan
Don't be fooled by him. Look at him beat me up.
That's what happened.
Just calm down
I'm here to give you a big gift today
It's a big gift, platinum
What a big gift, please take a look.
seventh